# Deep-Scoring-Project  
Research Project with Dr. Frank Hsu of Fordham University.
The aim of this project is to take a set of scoring systems and get a better performance at each layer. We start with a set of scoring systems and combine them in interesting ways that aim to increase performance. No matter the alteration each new layer is its self a set of scoring system. If we can get a layer that improves the accuracy of the previous layer consistently, we can keep iterating it until it converges to some maximum. If it works as intended, this will essentially allow us to have an easy way to ensemble many sub-par models into a high performing one.
So Far we've taken 5 given models created for a classification task, combined them using fusion methods, and use the notion of diversity to find the most diverse model and give it the highest weight while combining. After runing this in part 1, we ended up with 4 different models all of which are really close to the highest performing model, but not bettter or equal. In part 2, we take the 4 outputs from part 1 and add the highest performing model from the original input and repeat the process. This yeilded 4 models with the same accuracy as the highest performing model form the original. These results are a mixed bag, while it is converging to a perhaps maximum accuracy, it didn't out perform the best in the original 5 models. For now, we'll try to examine the errors and perhaps try this methodology with a different binary classification problem.
